<doc id="5752529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752529" title="Boilerplate (spaceflight)">
Boilerplate (spaceflight)

A boilerplate spacecraft, also known as a mass simulator, is a nonfunctional craft or payload which is used to test various configurations and basic size, load, and handling characteristics of rocket launch vehicles. It is far less expensive to build multiple, full-scale, non-functional boilerplate spacecraft than it is to develop the full system (design, test, redesign, and launch). In this way, boilerplate spacecraft allow components and aspects of cutting-edge aerospace projects to be tested while detailed contracts for the final project are being negotiated. These tests may be used to develop procedures for mating a spacecraft to its launch vehicle, emergency access and egress, maintenance support activities, and various transportation processes.
Boilerplate spacecraft are most commonly used to test manned spacecraft; for example, in the early 1960s, NASA performed many tests using boilerplate Apollo spacecraft atop Saturn I rockets, and Mercury spacecraft atop Atlas rockets (for example Big Joe 1). The Space Shuttle "Enterprise" was used as a boilerplate to test launch stack assembly and transport to the launch pad. The development of NASA's Project Constellation used boilerplate Orion spacecraft atop an Ares I rocket for initial testing.
Mercury boilerplates were manufactured "in-house" by NASA Langley Research Center technicians prior to McDonnell Aircraft Company building the Mercury spacecraft. The boilerplate capsules were designed and used to test spacecraft recovery systems, and escape tower and rocket motors. Formal tests were done on the test pad at Langley and at Wallops Island using the Little Joe rockets.
A summary of Mercury boilerplates can be found at A Field Guide to American Spacecraft.
The term "boilerplate" originated from the use of boilerplate steel for the construction of test articles/mock-ups. Historically, during the development of the Little Joe series of 7 launch vehicles, there was only one actual boilerplate capsule and it was called such since its conical section was made of steel at the Norfolk Naval Shipyard. This capsule was used in a beach abort test, and then subsequently used in the LJ1A flight. However, the term subsequently came to be used for all the "prototype" capsules (which in their own right were nearly as complicated as the orbital capsules). This usage was technically incorrect, as those other capsules were not made of boilerplate, but the "boilerplate" term had effectively been genericized.
There were seven Gemini boilerplates: BP-1, 2, 3, 3A, 4, 5, and 201.
Gemini Boilerplate 3A had functional doors and had multi-uses for testing watertightness, flotation collars, and egress procedures.
NASA created a variety of Apollo boilerplates. A list of them can be found in Apollo Section of A Field Guide to American Spacecraft.
Apollo boilerplates were used in the Launch Escape System (LES) for tests of the jettison tower rockets and procedures:
BP-1101A was used in numerous tests to develop spacecraft recovery equipment and procedures. Specifically, 1101A tested the air bags as part of the "up-righting" procedure when the Apollo lands upside down in the water. The sequence of the bags inflating caused the capsule to roll and up-right itself.
This McDonnell boilerplate is now on loan to the Wings Over the Rockies Air and Space Museum, Denver, Colorado, from the Smithsonian. BP-1101A has an external painted marking of AP.5. Examination of the interior in 2006 revealed large heavy steel ingots. After further research, a new paint scheme was applied in June 2007.
BP-1102 was used for water egress trainer for all Apollo flights, including by the crew of Apollo 11, the first lunar landing mission. It was also adapted for mock-up interior components and used by astronauts to practice routine and emergency exits from the spacecraft.
It was then modified again where the interior was set up to be configured either as Apollo/Soyuz or a proposed five-man Skylab Rescue vehicle. With these two conversion, astronauts could train for those special missions. It was finally transferred from NASA to the Smithsonian in 1977, and is displayed now at the Hazy Center with the flotation collar and bags that were attached to Columbia at the end of its historic mission.
The purpose of this series design was to simulate the weight and other external physical characteristics of the Apollo command module. These prototypes were in the 9000 lb range for both laboratory water tanks and ocean tests. The experiments tested floatation collars, collar installations, and buoyancy characteristics. The Navy trained their recovery personnel for ocean collar installation and shipboard retrieval procedures. These boilerplates rarely had internal equipment. See BP-1220 photo.
BP-1224 was a Component level Flammability Test Program to test for design decisions on selection and application of nonmetallic materials. Boilerplate configuration comparisons with Command Service Module 2TV-1 and 101 were performed by North American. The NASA Review Board decided on February 5, 1967, that the boilerplate configuration had determined a reasonable "worst case" configuration, after more than 1,000 tests were performed.
See BP-1224 photo set.
Details regarding this test capsule are not clear, but most likely it was lost at sea somewhere between the Azores and the Bay of Biscay in early 1969, and recovered in June 1969 off Gibraltar by the Soviet fishing trawler 'Apatit' (possibly a Soviet spy ship disguised as such, which was commonplace during the Cold War), transferred to the port of Murmansk in the Soviet Union, and returned to the US in September 1970 by the USCGC Southwind (WAGB-280). It is now located in Grand Rapids, Michigan as a time capsule.
See BP-1227 photo or Google Street View image.
The only certainties about this capsule are that it was returned to the United States at Murmansk early in September 1970 during a visit by the USCG Southwind who returned it to the Naval Air Station, Norfolk, Virginia. There it remained until title was passed to the Smithsonian in April 1976 when it was passed on to Grand Rapids, Michigan to serve as a time capsule. Two official sources – the US Navy and the US Coastguard – both say that it was lost by an ARRS (Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron) unit training in recovery procedures. A contemporary account of its return quotes a NASA spokesman as saying, “ … as far as NASA can determine the object… the Navy lost two years ago.”. When BP-1227 was lost ranges from 1968 to 1970 depending on which account one reads. This uncertainty may be due to a Russian account that claims there is an agreement between the Russians and the US to keep details secret until 2021.
First in March 1978 at the Marshall Space Flight Center and then again in June 1979, the Space Shuttle "Enterprise" was fitted together with an external tank and two inert solid rocket motors in a test-bed or boilerplate configuration. The STS-1 preliminary mission test program consisted of vibration tests in a horizontal mode at the Marshall Center, and then in a vertical launch configuration on Launch Pad 39A at Kennedy Space Center, Florida. In 1985, the boilerplate configuration was used to test the Air Force shuttle facilities at Vandenberg Air Force Base, including a full mating on the SLC-6 launch pad.
NASA’s future space flights to the Moon were planned for 2015. These flights were to be based upon the Orion spacecraft and its Ares launch vehicle. The Shuttles were retired in 2011. The Orion boilerplates were planned to be used between 2008 and 2014 with the Ares I and the heavy-lift Ares V launch vehicles, both of which were slated to launch initially from NASA’s Pad 39B site at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
The construction of the first Orion boilerplate, will be a basic mockup prototype to test the assembling sequences and launch procedures at NASA’s Langley Research Center while Lockheed aerospace engineers assemble the first rocket motors for the spacecraft’s escape tower. The first boilerplate will go to Dryden Flight Research Center at Edwards, California, for integration of Lockheed's avionics and NASA's developmental flight instrumentation prior to shipment to New Mexico’s White Sands Missile Range for the first Orion pad abort test (PA-1) in 2009. On November 20, 2008 a complete test of the abort rockets took place in Utah. PA-1 is the first of the six test events in Orion Abort Flight Test subproject. Lockheed Martin Corp. was awarded the contract to build Orion on Aug. 31, 2006.
Other boilerplates will be used to test thermal, electromagnetic, audio, mechanical vibration conditions and research studies. These tests for the Orion spacecraft will be done at Plum Brook Station in the agency’s Ohio-based Glenn Research Center. The first boilerplate Orions will launched/tested as early as 2008.
On March 2, 2009, the LAS Pathfinder began its transfer from the Langley Research Center to the White Sands Missile Range, for first PA-1 launch tests. Pathfinder is the combination of the Orion boilerplate and the LAS module.
On March 23, 2009 a Navy-built Orion boilerplate began the PORT Tests in Navy test facilities and then sea testing near the Kennedy Space Center.
The Orion-Ares configuration was part of NASA's "Project Constellation". This project's plan was to send humans to the Moon, Mars, and other destinations in the solar system. Its base components were to have consisted of the Launch Abort System, the Crew Module, the Service Module, and the Spacecraft Adapter.
In the 2010s, several commercially designed space capsules used boilerplate units on the initial launches of new launch vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="5752537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752537" title="File:Kbar.jpg">
File:Kbar.jpg

Image of a K bar. Taken by myself, the uploader.

</doc>
<doc id="5752538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752538" title="Category:JEF United Ichihara Chiba">
Category:JEF United Ichihara Chiba


</doc>
<doc id="5752544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752544" title="I Now Pronounce You Chuck &amp; Larry">
I Now Pronounce You Chuck &amp; Larry

I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is a 2007 American comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan. It stars Adam Sandler and Kevin James as the title characters Chuck and Larry, respectively. The film was released in the United States on July 20, 2007. 
Chuck Levine, a womanizing bachelor, and Larry Valentine, a widower struggling to raise his two children, are two veteran New York City firefighters. During a routine sweep of a burned building, a segment of floor collapses on Chuck, but Larry saves his life. Chuck vows to repay Larry in any way possible. Experiencing an epiphany from the incident, Larry tries to increase his life insurance policy, but he runs into difficulties naming his children as primary beneficiaries. He is told he should remarry so his new spouse can be the primary beneficiary; however, no one specifies "who" he has to marry.
Inspired by a newspaper article about domestic partnerships, Larry asks Chuck to enter a civil union with him. Although Chuck declines at first, he is reminded of his debt to Larry and finally agrees, entering a domestic partnership and becoming Larry's primary beneficiary in the event of his death. To their dismay, however, investigators arrive to inquire about their abrupt partnership, suspecting fraud. Chuck and Larry decide to enlist the help of lawyer Alex McDonough, who suggests they get married and move in together to prove they are committed; Chuck reluctantly agrees. The pair travel to Canada for a quick marriage and begin living together.
At a gay benefit costume party, the partygoers are confronted by homophobic protesters. Chuck is provoked into punching their leader, and the incident is picked up by the local news. With their apparent homosexuality and marriage revealed, Chuck and Larry are heckled, and their fellow FDNY firefighters refuse to work with them. Their only ally is Fred G. Duncan, an angry, intimidating firefighter who comes out to Chuck.
Chuck becomes romantically interested in Alex after the two spend time together, but finds himself unable to get close to her because she thinks he is gay. Meanwhile, when city agent Clinton Fitzer arrives to investigate the couple, and the strain on both Larry and Chuck causes them to fight. A petition circulates to have Chuck and Larry thrown out of the firehouse. Upon discovering it, Larry confronts the crew about personal embarrassments on the job that Chuck and Larry helped them overcome. Afterwards, Chuck and Larry reconcile their differences.
Chuck and Alex's relationship grows as they spend time together. They soon kiss, but Alex, still believing Chuck is gay and married, is shocked and immediately distances herself from Chuck, who is unable to explain the situation to her. Larry learns about the kiss and confronts Chuck about it, asserting that Chuck's absence is jeopardizing their ability to maintain the ruse of their relationship. During the argument, Larry reveals that he is still in love with his deceased wife, Paula, and Chuck responds that he needs to move on for the sake of his children. Larry and Chuck then reconcile again.
Eventually, numerous women publicly testify to having slept with Chuck in the recent past, and the couple is called into court to defend their marriage against charges of fraud. They are defended by Alex, and their fellow firefighters arrive in support, having realized all that Chuck and Larry have done for them over the years. Fitzer interrogates both men, and eventually demands the pair to kiss to prove that their relationship is physical. Before they do so, Chuck and Larry are interrupted by FDNY Captain Phineas J. Tucker, who reveals their marriage to be a sham and that they are both straight. He then offers to be arrested as well, since he knew about the false relationship but failed to report it. This prompts each of the other firefighters to claim a role in the wedding in a show of solidarity. Chuck, Larry, and the other firefighters are sent to jail, but they are quickly released after negotiating a deal to provide photos for an AIDS research benefit calendar, and Chuck and Larry keep their benefits.
Two months later, Duncan and Alex's brother, Kevin, are married in Canada at the same chapel as Chuck and Larry. At the wedding party, Larry moves on from the death of his wife and talks to a new woman, while Alex agrees to a dance with Chuck.
Producer Tom Shadyac had planned this film as early as 1999. "I Now Pronounce You Joe and Benny", as the film was then titled, was announced as starring Nicolas Cage and Will Smith with Shadyac directing. In the official trailer, the song "Grace Kelly" by British pop star, Mika, was included.
On the film review aggregation site Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 14% approval rating from 154 reviews; the consensus states: "Whether by way of inept comedy or tasteless stereotypes, "I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry" falters on both levels."
"USA Today" called it "a movie that gives marriage, homosexuality, friendship, firefighters, children and nearly everything else a bad name." The "Wall St Journal" calls it "an insult to gays, straights, men, women, children, African-Americans, Asians, pastors, mailmen, insurance adjusters, firemen, doctors -- and fans of show music."
The "New York Post" called it not an insult to homosexuality but to comedy itself. "The Miami Herald" was slightly less critical, calling the film "funny in the juvenile, crass way we expect."
Nathan Lee from the "Village Voice" wrote a positive review, praising the film for being "tremendously savvy in its stupid way" and "as eloquent as "Brokeback Mountain", and even more radical." Controversial critic Armond White championed the film as "a modern classic" for its "ultimate moral lesson—that sexuality has absolutely nothing to do with who Chuck and Larry are as people".
"Chuck & Larry" grossed $34,233,750 and ranked #1 at the domestic box office in its opening weekend, higher than the other opening wide release that weekend, "Hairspray", and the previous weekend's #1 film, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix". By the end of its run, the film had grossed $120,059,556 domestically and $66,012,658 internationally for a worldwide total of $186,072,214.
The film received eight Golden Raspberry Award nominations including Worst Picture, Worst Actor (Adam Sandler), Worst Supporting Actor (both Kevin James and Rob Schneider), Worst Supporting Actress (Jessica Biel), Worst Director (Dennis Dugan), Worst Screenplay and Worst Screen Couple (Adam Sandler with either Kevin James or Jessica Biel), but failed to win any.
The film was screened prior to release for the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD). GLAAD representative Damon Romine told "Entertainment Weekly" magazine: "The movie has some of the expected stereotypes, but in its own disarming way, it's a call for equality and respect".
According to Alexander Payne, the writer of an initial draft of the film, Sandler took many liberties with his screenplay, "Sandler-izing" the film, in his own words. At some point, he did not want his name attached to the project.
Critics have also said the character played by Rob Schneider is a racist caricature and he was also criticized for donning Yellowface.
In November 2007, the producers of the Australian film "Strange Bedfellows" initiated legal action against Universal Studios for copyright violation. The suit was withdrawn in April 2008 after the producers of "Strange Bedfellows" received an early draft of "Chuck & Larry" that predated their film, and they were satisfied that they had not been plagiarized.

</doc>
<doc id="5752551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752551" title="Emo (album)">
Emo (album)

Emo is the tenth studio album by the American punk rock band Screeching Weasel. It was released on May 18, 1999 through Ben Weasel's and John Jughead's label Panic Button Records. It was their first album released through Panic Button Records. The album was recorded in Chicago during the blizzard of 1999. Although the title of the album is a tongue-in-cheek stab at the emo scene that was about to break mainstream at the time, the songwriting on the album is extremely emotional and confessional. Lyricist Ben Weasel had used this style of songwriting many times on previous albums, but this marked a noticeable change in tone.
All songs written by Ben Weasel, except "Linger" written by Noel Hogan and Dolores O'Riordan.

</doc>
<doc id="5752557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752557" title="Category:Dutch female singers">
Category:Dutch female singers


</doc>
<doc id="5752565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752565" title="New Threat Upgrade">
New Threat Upgrade

New Threat Upgrade (NTU) was a United States Navy program to improve and modernize the capability of existing cruisers and destroyers equipped with Terrier and Tartar anti-aircraft systems, keeping them in service longer. It was a key component of then-President Ronald Reagan's 600-ship Navy plan.
 was selected to install and test the Terrier New Threat Upgrade (NTU) Combat System with the improved Standard Missile Two Block II (Extended Range). Testing lasted from October 1981- March 1985. 
New Threat Upgrade allowed the full use of newer Standard missiles (SM-2) and improved the interoperability of the radar and computer systems aboard the ships. The system allows the ships to which it was fitted to time share illumination radars for multiple missile interceptions in a manner similar to the Aegis Combat System. Some sources claimed that NTU ships were superior in some respects to Aegis ships of the same era, particularly in the area of user interface. They were inferior in that they could not deal with a saturation missile attack as well as Aegis vessels.
The New Threat Upgrade to the "Leahy" class included massive remodeling of the ship from food service space rehabilitation to a main propulsion system overhaul. Entire systems were removed and replaced, for example the AN/SPS-40 air-search radar was replaced with the AN/SPS-49 air-search radar.
In 1988–90, the "Kidd"-class destroyers received the New Threat Upgrade, including a new superstructure and heavier mainmast cooperative engagement with Aegis "Ticonderoga"-class cruisers, which could control the Kidds’ surface-to-air missiles while they remained electronically silent. The "Spruance" class, the predecessor to and close relative of the "Kidd"-class, did not received the NTU. However, in response to criticisms that the as-designed weaponry was insufficient, 24 members of the "Spruances" were upgraded with a 61-cell Vertical Launch System for Tomahawk missiles which granted them much enhanced anti-surface capabilities beyond their original anti-submarine warfare mission.
The Cold War ended shortly after the New Threat Upgrade was initiated. The lower levels of funding available to the United States Navy after the Cold War meant that the NTU upgrade was never applied to all of the intended vessels. The NTU upgrade itself was expensive, and still lacked the capabilities of a purpose-constructed Aegis warship. Many of these ships were retired in the 1990s whether they received the full NTU modification or not; most of these warships built in the 1960s-1970s had high operational costs and manpower requirements (especially those which were nuclear-powered), compared to newer Aegis warships. The USS Texas (CGN-39) was decommissioned during the upgrade, in the midst of her reactor refueling. USS "Gridley" (CG-21) received NTU in 1991 at a cost of $55 million but was decommissioned in early 1994. Overall, all US Navy ships that received the NTU upgrades were decommissioned within six years of their upgrade, as the Navy chose instead to order new ships with the Aegis weapon system. 
The Navy also accelerated the retirement of the "Spruance" and "Kidd" classes, despite their recent modifications, due to the arrival of the Aegis-equipped "Arleigh Burke"-class destroyers, which were more effective and cost-efficient. The four "Kidd" destroyers were later transferred to Taiwan (Republic of China) where they remain in service, while some members of the "Spruance" class remained in service until 2005.
These classes had some of their units modified with the New Threat Upgrade. 
The Navy of the Republic of Korea uses a NTU derived system for its Chungmugong Yi Sunshin class destroyers.

</doc>
<doc id="5752568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752568" title="Wikipedia:Copyright problems/2006 June 29/Articles">
Wikipedia:Copyright problems/2006 June 29/Articles

Articles

</doc>
<doc id="5752569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752569" title="Wikipedia:Copyright problems/2006 June 29/Images">
Wikipedia:Copyright problems/2006 June 29/Images

Images

</doc>
<doc id="5752570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752570" title="Category:Dutch musical theatre actors">
Category:Dutch musical theatre actors


</doc>
<doc id="5752579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752579" title="Babylon (ballad)">
Babylon (ballad)

"Babylon" or "The Bonnie Banks o Fordie" is Child ballad 14, Roud 27.
An outlaw comes upon three sisters in the woods. He threatens each one in turn to make her marry him. The first two refuse and are killed. The third threatens him with her brother or brothers. He asks after them and discovers that he is the brother. He commits suicide.
Forms of this ballads are known throughout all of Scandinavia.
Dick Gaughan features it on his album "No More Forever"
Broadside Electric included it in the 1996 album "More Bad News ..." 
Malinky played a version, called "The Bonnie Banks O Fordie", on their 2005 album "The Unseen Hours"
Nic Jones version of the song, "Banks of Fordie", is included on his 2006 compilation "Game Set Match"
John Jacob Niles version of "Bonny Farday", is included in his album, "My Precarious Life in the Public Domain," and is printed in "The Ballad Book of John Jacob Niles"
Old Blind Dogs version of "The Bonnie Banks O' Fordie" is included on their 1992 album, "New Tricks"
Howard Mitchell version of "The Bonnie Banks of the Virgie O'" is included on his self-titled 1962 album.

</doc>
<doc id="5752580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752580" title="Daniel Torres (cartoonist)">
Daniel Torres (cartoonist)

__notoc__
Daniel Torres (born 20 August 1958) is a Spanish cartoonist, known for several series, including the science-fiction series "Rocco Vargas", about a writer in a retrofuturistic world and "Tom", a series for children about a friendly dinosaur.

</doc>
<doc id="5752582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752582" title="Strings of My Heart">
Strings of My Heart

"Strings Of My Heart" was the Croatian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, performed in English (the first time the country had not sung at least partially in Croatian) by Vanna.
The song was performed tenth on the night, following Latvia's Arnis Mednis with "Too Much" and preceding Portugal's MTM with "Só sei ser feliz assim". At the close of voting, it had received 42 points, placing 10th in a field of 23. For her Eurovision appearance, Vanna wore a top and trousers of a colour seemingly chosen to match her hair- a light, golden colour. She was joined on stage by five backing performers- a female violinist, two singers (one male, one female), who provided vocal accompaniment, and two male singers who entered the stage for the last chorus, and provided vocal accompaniment.
The song is a love ballad, with the singer asking her lover to "play the strings of my heart" rather than leave.
It was succeeded as Croatian representative at the 2002 contest by Vesna Pisarović with "Everything I Want".

</doc>
<doc id="5752592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752592" title="File:Hawksley workman - lover fighter2.jpg">
File:Hawksley workman - lover fighter2.jpg

Album art for Lover/Fighter from Hawksley Workman
Found at Amazon.com. Believed fair use to illustrate an article on the album in question.

</doc>
<doc id="5752598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752598" title="Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Islam FAQ">
Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Islam FAQ


</doc>
<doc id="5752599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752599" title="Miss Virginia">
Miss Virginia

The Miss Virginia competition is a scholarship pageant for women, with the titleholder representing Virginia in the Miss America pageant. The competition was founded in 1953 as a scholarship contest for young women, although women had represented Virginia in the Miss America pageant since the 1930s. Three Miss Virginia winners have gone on to be crowned Miss America, including former national titleholder Caressa Cameron.
To compete in the Miss Virginia pageant, a contestant must first win one of many local competitions. Contestants may compete at the local and state level more than once, but having won a state title may only compete in the national Miss America competition one time. The state pageant is traditionally held in Roanoke, Virginia at the Roanoke Civic Center in June or July.
During her reign, Miss Virginia travels over 20,000 miles across the state making appearances to further her personal platform and for the Miss America Organization's national Children's Miracle Network campaign.
Dorcas Campbell from farfield was miss Virginia of 1963 and won many singing contests was in the newspaper all the time and was a very talented opera singer. Kristi Lauren Glakas, Miss Virginia 2005, is one of only seven women who have competed in the Miss America, Miss Teen USA, and Miss USA competitions. She was Miss Virginia Teen USA 1999 and Miss Virginia USA 2004, placing in the top ten at Miss Teen USA 1999 and was a non-finalist at Miss USA 2004. Two other Miss Virginia titleholders later competed in the Miss USA pageant: Jennifer Pitts was Miss Virginia USA 2005 and Shannon DePuy was Miss Florida USA 1995.
The year in brackets indicates the year of the Miss America competition the award/placement was garnered.

</doc>
<doc id="5752602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752602" title="Category:People from Winston-Salem, North Carolina">
Category:People from Winston-Salem, North Carolina

The people listed below were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with the city of Winston-Salem, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="5752610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752610" title="Banu Khazraj">
Banu Khazraj

The Banu al-Khazraj (  ) was one of the tribes of Arabia during Muhammad's era. The Banu al-Khazraj are renowned for their generosity and hospitality.
Aws and Khazraj were known as "Banū Qayla" (  ) in pre-Islamic era.
Abu Muhammad Al-hasan Ibn Ahmad Al-hamdani mentioned that The Banu Khazraj along with Banu Aws settled the area of Yathrib around the 2nd century ad as part of the PreIslamic Exodus of Yemen due to the Great Dam damage.
However, all sources agree that the Banu Khazraj and Banu Aus became hostile to each other.
Jewish chronicles state that they went to war against each other in the Battle of Bu'ath a few years before the Islamic prophet Muhammad migrated to Medina.
There were three Jewish tribes present in Medina: Banu Qaynuqa, Banu Nadir and Banu Qurayza.
During the battle, The Banu Nadir and the Banu Qurayza fought on the side of the Banu Aus, while the Banu Qaynuqa were allied with the Banu Khazraj. The latter were defeated after a long and desperate battle.
The Nusaybah clan family of Jerusalem, Custodians of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, are descendants of Banu Khazraj. They arrived in Jerusalem with the 7th century Islamic conquest.
Muhammad came to Medina as a mediator, invited to resolve the feud between the factions of Banu Aus and Banu Khazraj. He ultimately did so by absorbing both factions into his Muslim community, forbidding bloodshed among Muslims. 
The Banu Aus were included in point 30-31 of the Constitution of Medina as allies to the Muslims, being as "one nation/community with the Believers".
Abd-Allah ibn Ubaiy, their chief, is said to have plotted against Muhammad.
After this, Banu Khazraj and others became known as the Ansar.
On 624 Muhammad ordered the assassination of Ka'b ibn al-Ashraf. According to Ibn Ishaq, Muhammad ordered his followers to kill Ka'b because he "had gone to Mecca after Badr and inveighed against Muhammad. He also composed verses in which he bewailed the victims of Quraysh who had been killed at Badr. Shortly afterwards he returned to Medina and composed amatory verses of an insulting nature about the Muslim women". This killing was carried out by the Banu Aus 
When men of the Banu Aus tribe murdered Ka'b ibn al-Ashraf, some Khazraj tribesman including Abdallah ibn Unais went to Muhammad and received a permission to put to death the person responsible for the killing of Sallam ibn Abu al-Huqayq, who was killed during the Expedition of 'Abdullah ibn 'Atik.
Sallam ibn Abu al-Huqayq (Abu Rafi) was a Jew, who helped the troops of the Confederates and provided them with a lot of wealth and supplies, on the one hand and used to mock Muhammad with his poetry, on the other. When the Muslims had settled their affair with Banu Quraiza; Al-Khazraj tribe, a rival of Al-Aws, asked for Muhammad's permission to kill him (which Muhammad accepted) in order to merit a virtue equal to that of Al-Aws who had killed Ka'b ibn al-Ashraf.
In 1228 Ibn Alahmar gathered the remains of the Muslim population cornered in Granada and established Almamlika Alnasria derived from the Ansar of Mecca whom he claimed direct lineage to. The Nasrids. With the Reconquista in full swing after the conquest of Cordoba in 1236, the Nasrids aligned themselves with Ferdinand III of Castile, officially becoming a tributary state in 1238. The state officially becoming the Kingdom of Granada in 1238. The Nasrids had to turn their backs against the Muslims of Cordoba and Seville in order to survive the reconquest.
Initially the kingdom of Granada linked the commercial routes from Europe with those of the Maghreb. The territory constantly shrank, however, and by 1492, Granada controlled only a small territory on the Mediterranean coast. Arabic was the official language, and was the mother tongue of the majority of the population.
Granada was held as a vassal to Castille for many decades, and provided trade links with the Muslim world, particularly the gold trade with the sub-saharan areas south of Africa. The Nasrids also provided troops for Castille while the kingdom was also a source of mercenary fighters from North African Zenata tribes. However, Portugal discovered direct the African trade routes by sailing around the coast of West Africa. Thus Granada became less and less important for Castille and with the unification of Castille and Aragon in 1479, those kingdoms set their sights on conquering Granada and Navarre.
On January 2, 1492, the last Muslim leader, Muhammad XII, known as Boabdil to the Spanish, surrendered complete control of Granada, to Ferdinand and Isabella, "Los Reyes Católicos" ("The Catholic Monarchs"), after the city was besieged.
See Nasrid dynasty for a full list of the Nasrid rulers of Granada. The most prominent members of the dynasty were:

</doc>
<doc id="5752617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752617" title="Evgeni Ignatov">
Evgeni Ignatov

Evgeni Ignatov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5752626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752626" title="Toruń Cathedral">
Toruń Cathedral

Church of St. John the Baptist and St. John the Evangelist, since 1935 Minor Basilica, since 1992 the Cathedral of Toruń Diocese, is former main parish church of Old Town of Toruń. One of three Gothic churches of the town, built from brick, an aisled hall with a monumental west tower. The first church from the 13th century was a small hall without aisles and with polygonal presbytery. This was replaced by aisled hall church in the first half of the 14th century, which has been rebuilt many times and extended until it reached its present form at the end of 15th century. The interior is richly decorated and furnished. The earliest painted decorations in the presbytery date back to the 14th century and depict the Crucifixion and the Last Judgement. One of the side chapels is connected with Nicolaus Copernicus. There is a 13th-century baptismal font, supposedly used for baptizing the astronomer, 16th-century epitaph to him, and 18th-century monument. At the tower hangs Tuba Dei, the third-largest bell in Poland, cast in 1500.

</doc>
<doc id="5752638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752638" title="Category:Polynesian mythology (unverified)">
Category:Polynesian mythology (unverified)


</doc>
<doc id="5752643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752643" title="Elouera Beach">
Elouera Beach

Elouera Beach or "Elouera" is a patrolled beach on Bate Bay, in Cronulla, New South Wales, Australia. "The Wall" is the local name given to the area between North Cronulla Beach and Elouera.
Elouera is an Aboriginal word meaning "a pleasant place".
The Elouera Surf Lifesaving Club was established in 1966. On the official opening of the clubhouse on 8 June 1967, the club's first surf boat "Charlotte Breen", donated by local businessman Tom Breen, was christened and launched. The Elouera "Sharks" had 375 members in the initial season.

</doc>
<doc id="5752644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752644" title="Sindh National Front">
Sindh National Front

Sindh National Front (S.N.F.) is a political party in the province of Sindh, Pakistan. It is currently led by Mumtaz Bhutto, the cousin of Mr. Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, ex-Prime Minister of Pakistan, who was hanged by President Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq. In 2013, the party merged with Pakistan Muslim League (N).
The main objective of the party is 'confederation' where each of the four provinces of Pakistan (Sindh, Punjab, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and Baluchistan) are semi-independent. The party has stated that it desires to bring about the same kind of autonomy federating units have in the United States, Canada, India, Australia, and the cantons in Switzerland. However, none of the aforementioned countries are de facto confederations.
Sindh National Front believes that the 'provincial autonomy' which presently exists in Pakistan, provided in accordance with the Government of India Act of 1935, was actually meant for the provinces of colonial India and not for the provinces of a free and independent Pakistan. But after that in 1940 (Lahore resolution) was the main theme of Independent Pakistan. The party states that the Lahore Resolution is totally in favour of a Confederation, although varying interpretations exist such as the belief that Pakistan was originally believed to come into existence as three or more regions that would not have bordered each other and therefore would have to be autonomous for good governance. However,that did not happened later.

</doc>
<doc id="5752645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752645" title="Everything I Want">
Everything I Want

"Everything I Want" was the Croatian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in English by Vesna Pisarović.
The song was performed sixth on the night (following Spain's Rosa with "Europe's Living A Celebration" and preceding Russia's Prime Minister with "Northern Girl"). At the close of voting, it had received 44 points, placing 11th in a field of 24.
The song is an up-tempo number, with the singer revealing that "love is everything I want". Its name in the local language (Croatian) is "Sasvim sigurna" (Quite Sure).
It was succeeded as Croatian representative at the 2003 Contest by Claudia Beni with "Više nisam tvoja".

</doc>
<doc id="5752647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752647" title="Hidan">
Hidan

Hidan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5752648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5752648" title="Wikipedia:Articles for creation/2006-06-30">
Wikipedia:Articles for creation/2006-06-30

Please now follow the link back to .
Note to reviewers: Not all articles on this page have been tagged with specific reasons for deletion; however, I've looked at them all and don't see any acceptable ones that have not already been created. Of course, you're welcome to disagree. :) 03:06, 15 July 2006 (UTC)
The Liberty Coalation is a group of peacekeepers featured in the videogame "Project: Snowblind". 
The Coalation fights a force called The Republic. Nathan Frost is a super-soldier; you play as him in the videogame. Other known charactors are Specialist Pitney, Sergeant Major Chung, and Lieutenant Colonel Kanazawa. 
Project: Snowblind
Declined This topic on it's own is not notable enough to have its own article. Consider putting this material into Project: Snowblind instead.-- 13:59, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
O say can you see by the dawns early light! 
what so proudly we hailed, by the twilights last gleaming
And the rockets red glare
the bombs bursting in air
gave truth to the night
that our flag was still there
O! say does thAT star spangled banner yet wave
for the land of the free
and the home of the brave!!!
-cait
 00:34, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Facevault is a new online community where you can create a profile, run a blog, share photos and most importantly, meet new people! you can also share pictures, with no limits! Site has been open 7 weeks and has 5000 members
Developers are currently working on non beta release of the site.
 01:16, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Amanda Koster is an internationally acclaimed photographer who has made it her mission to document some 
of the world’s more compelling issues. Koster is committed to the advancement of human rights and cultural diversity in the arts. She has successfully combined her anthropology background with photographic and videography skills to create media content as a means for effective communication and learning.
Amanda holds a bachelor’s degree from Southern Connecticut State University in Anthropology with a concentration in religious studies, art history and women’s studies. Koster also studied at Creative Arts Workshop, in New Haven and then at the International Center of Photography in New York City, concentrating on portrait, photojournalism and documentary photography.
She worked as a staff photographer for Yale University Biomedical Communications before launching her own freelance career. She was a stringer for The New Haven Register Newspaper (circulation 500,000) for 2 years. Now she regularly photographs for major international magazines such as Newsweek, Fortune, Sunset,
Fast Company and Metropolis.
Amanda has worked as a photojournalist documenting the work of several non-profit organizations including Doctors Without Borders, Action Against Hunger, United Way, and Rabuor Village Project. Koster has since expended her skills with filmmaking and writing and has produced still and motion photography content for an NGO Rabuor Village Project.
Her longer-term still and motion projects include AIDS orphans and widows of the Luo tribe in Kenya, "AIDS Is Knocking." (aidsisknocking.org) The project was recently awarded honorable mention in the Santa Fe Center for Photography int’l competition and 2nd place in the international 2004 LUCIE Awards (all 5 entries), and most recently, 1st place: photo essay in the 2005 Society of Professional Journalists competition. Aids is Knocking is a sponsored project of SEDRAT Arts and will be featured on the cover of their 2006 Calendar.
Other projects include“This Is Beautiful," (thisisbeautiful.org) an ongoing multiple award-winning project that redefines the innate beauty of women and a very personal project about her grandfather“"Andrew’s Roots," an immigrant from Romania. Click here to learn about her upcoming project in Morocco: "Before Harmony: Moroccan Women's Song Project." Grants from Kodak Professional support all of these projects.
Amanda has worked extensively with youth media projects in The United Sates and Kenya. She has worked with youth-at-risk adolescents in New Haven CT, New York City and Seattle WA teaching photography as a tool for documentary storytelling creating a voice and outlet for underrepresented youth. 
Amanda spearheaded the first African site in Kenya for Bridges To Understanding, an international youth media project connecting children worldwide via the Internet with digital storytelling using still photography, video and journalism. She chose the coast of Kenya because of its predominantly Muslim population and believes that now if ever, is the right time for Americans to open their minds to Islam. Her work has taken her to several countries in Africa including Ethiopia, Eritrea, Kenya, and Tanzania and in addition, United Arab Emirates, Turkey, India, Brazil and Romania. She is on the faculty of the Photographic Center Northwest.
http://www.nwsource.com/columns/qa/amandakoster_092104.html
"Courtney wheeler" (born 5/31/1982) is a lifelong resident of St. Louis Missouri, who in late 1998 was chosen out of a field of over 2,000 youth candidates to perform a musical solo for [Pope John Paul III] during his 3 day visit to St. Louis in January of 1999. Along with performing for the late pope, Ms. Wheeler has also performed for former President [George Bush], Missouri Senator [Kit Bond], and thousands of spectators at each of those events. Courtney retired from her potential career in performing arts in 2000 to pursue her lifelong love of education.
Done-- 13:52, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Singer/songwriter from London, England
http://www.julietlawson.co.uk/
Please give more content for the article than this. A few sentences about this person that explain what makes this person notable enough to be included will do. See for more info. 23:25, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Done-- 13:54, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Philidelephia born singer based in Seattle indie/rock/alternative
http://www.juliemains.com/
http://www.myspace.com/juliemainsmusic
"Karlson and McKenzie" are a radio morning show team which are currently on WZLX.
Karlsonandmckenzie.com
American rock/blues singer
http://www.judyhenske.com/
http://www.judyhenskefan.com/
Simvip Media Center, created by "Marcello MM" brings to you tons of fun. The Simvip Group was inicially a The Sims fan site, but nowadays you can find there a incredible collection of videos (produced with The Sims 2), series and spots.
Simvip Media Center today produce not only Sims videos, but new product medias, jingles, and any other kind of entertainment material. Focused on the theme "LET's HAVE SOME FUN!!!" Simvip Media Center is the only brazilian channel for independent entertainment.
From the creators of the HIT SERIE "MARTE ATACA", Simvip Media Center is ready to release their new product: PIMP! (2006)
Two boys (ZAC and JOSH) are trying to have some fun at the clubs, get some girls and be happy. But the things can get out of control when their enemy (SONY) appear! Who's gonna win the battle called life? Join us! YOU WANNA BE PIMP!
http://simvip.sites.uol.com.br
FROZENFIAR IZ A GHAY FAT TEXAN WHITEY. OLOLOLLLOLOOOOL PWNT. :D
 04:04, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
The [Drury Drama Team] [1]is a private department of
theatre within a public school system. The Team has a national reputation
for its creative educational theatre programs. Its many awards include 
finalist in the Educational Theatre Association’s[2]
Innovative Theatre Award. Its director, DR. Len Radin
[3] was inducted into the EdTA Hall 
of Fame in Washington DC in 2000 and served as Massachusetts Chapter Director 
1994 - 2005. Governor Mitt Romney of Massachusetts is scheduled to present the Drama Team
the Points of Light Award in May, 2006.
The Team has presented 11 plays at International Thespian Festivals in 
Nebraska and Indiana.The Drama Team was instrumental in the formation of the 
Yankee Thespian Festival and hosted the 2000 Festival. 
Over 3000 production photos [4]and other materials on many past plays,
theatre courses [5]and theatre links [6]may be found at
[www.drurydrama.com]
Being gay sometimes isn't all that brilliant. Sometimes its just rubbish. Like naff. As a gay in todays modern world gays sometimes find themselves being rubbish. however embrace it and you become a rubbish gay. Dare to download Hazell Dean, DO Gaydar sex meets, DO casual drugsex recreactionaly.
eg. 'I've been a right rubbish gay in the club tonight I sucked a guy off so he would leave me his poppers' or 'I went to a sauna and only had a wank in one of the rooms on me own, I'm a really rubbish gay
http://rubbishgays.blogspot.com/
ok this is Darryl Des At Dc Dunsmuir Now anyway everybody knos i Like Rebekah Anderson But Im Just Chillin And Im kool Seriosly Adam's a asshole and so is Devin lambert. Also Johny Fifield Is Kool Too and Every Buddy Thats My Friend Is Consitered Kool Such as Aj,Amanda,Latreece,Casey,Blake,Brandon(Brook's Lil Bro) and Mini Johny and Stevieand some other kids . also fuck that school they can suck my D*** lol L8r Peace :p
 04:39, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
American country singer/songwriter
http://www.joylynnwhite.com/
http://www.jegartistmanagement.com/joylynn.html
http://www.cmt.com/artists/az/white_joy_lynn/bio.jhtml
Keenen Allen- Born June 12,1990 in Portland, Oregon. An up incoming basketball player at West Seattle High School who is well known within the high school. Keenen is a 16 year old Junior at west seattle high school.
Keenen spent his freshman year at Rainer Beach High School. Transfered after his freshman year to West Seattle. Keenen wears jersey #1 for his west seattle squad because that is what he wants to be. Keenen says he tries to make his game a mix between a Dewayne Wade and a Allen Iverson. Keenen also have family in the seattle high school basketball scene. He's family with Rainer Beach's Mychal Ladd and Renton's Najee Ali. Keenen say's he's extremely fortunate to be on the West Seattle Varsity basketball team. 
 05:08, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Peter Hand (is the presenter and producer for ABC Illawarra's Morning Show. 
From a long career in Sydney radio in the role of talk personality at 2GB, journalist and award-winning reporter, Peter is now living the Illawarra dream in a house atop a cliff in a seaside village with the waves crashing below.
His ideal pleasure is swinging in a hammock, listening to Benjamin Britten while taking in the changing hues of the escarpment.
When he has to work, Hand likes to have fun, combining serious journalism with entertainment and his uniquely original humour. 
Peter's career has seen him cover some of Australia's most notorious crime stories and the nation's most notorious politicians. From heading election-night coverage to Royal visits, bushfires, floods and disasters like Waterfall train crash or Thedbo mudslide or moments of celebration like the Olympic Torch Relay, Peter paints pictures with radio to 'take you there'. His highly acclaimed coverage of the Gulf War was seen as a landmark in Australian radio journalism.
His passion for radio is just a little greater than that for his avid reading, huge music collection, taste for art, design and architecture and of course...home renovating.
http://wwww.abc.net.au/illawarra
The album Reel to Reel was released by the freshly solo Grand Puba in 1992, following group projects with the likes of Brand Nubian and the short lived duo Masters of Ceremony. Both of the group’s albums were critically acclaimed but failed to duplicate that success in terms of album sales. Puba’s previous works did nothing if to help to establish himself as one of Hip-Hop’s (still fairly new) strongest lyricist. Grand Puba’s Reel to Reel spawned a style lyricism and word play that had never been witnessed by the likes of Hip-Hop. Puba’s wordplay was reminiscent of Slick Rick’s fairy tale rhymes (e.g. The Great Adventures of Slick Rick) yet, they had a more socially conscious undertone (e.g. “Proper Education”) but also still keeping a playful attitude about them (e.g. “Honey Don't Front”). Puba’s style on and off the microphone would later play a major roll in the development of rapper/producer Kanye West. Everything from West’s polo, yacht club fashion sense, to his rhymes boasting of spending four-hundred dollars on Gucci loafers and being the “freshest” rapper alive was from major influences by Puba among others. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Great_Adventures_of_Slick_Rick
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_Puba
XXL Magazine
IGD can mean:
 05:37, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
 05:37, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
The sound of a klaxon horn.
 05:38, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
"In quest of the unpublished manuscript of a martyred Yiddish writer, the American novelist Nathan Zuckerman travels to Soviet-occupied Prague in the mid-1970's. There, in a nation straightjacketed by totalitarian Communism, he discovers a literary predicament, marked by institutionalised opression, that is rather different from his own. He also discovers, among the opressed writers with whom he quickly becomes embroiled in a series of bizarre and poignant adventures, an appealingly perverse kind of heroism. The Prague Orgy, consisting of entries from Zuckerman's notebooks recording his sojourn among these outcast artists, completes the trilogy and elilogue Zuckerman Bound. It provides a startling ending to Roth's intricately designed magnum opus on the uforeseen consequences of art."
From the back cover of the Book "The Prague Orgy"
TVRage.com is a web-site that has information for just about every show and actor/actress in the television industry. It is the leading competitor of TV.com. It currently ranks 26,000 on Alexa, and is constantly growing. 
 05:43, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
stub
 05:46, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
American Folk singer from Chicago
http://www.100songsising.com/
http://www.locustmusic.com/josephinefoster.html
Mayvel Templa Isidto is an SK chairman of El Salvador.
Steak Diane is a recipe that originated in a New York City restaurant, with filet mignon steaks of beef in a cream, mushroom, and brandy sauce. The recipe is noted for using flambeed brandy, serving as an entertaining display for the diner.
Generally the recipe is made with garlic, cream, worcestershire sauce, mushrooms, lemon, cream and flambeed brandy.
The steak is sauteed in the pan with the cream, and in restaurants when the dish is ready to be finished, it is brought to the diner and flambeed to burn off the brandy.
Recipe for Steak Diane
 06:37, 29 June 2006 (UTC) Arabic word meaning a mixer or weaver. Originally associated with geography and flows of water that merged into one before flowing out to sea or inland. Later associated to area rugs. There was also a famous arabic singer named Nadhim Al'Ghazzali [sp] from Iraq. The "dh" pronounced as in the word "the" in English, as in "the house" "the car" is unique to specific regions in the middle east in particular central and northern Iraq.
A common arabic name for male children, especially children with Iraqi heritage.
American Bluegrass band
http://www.answers.com/topic/the-johnson-mountain-boys
http://www.rounderstore.com/category.asp?D=D0001&S=1&G=G1&V=13&C=464&N=1
A soft gelatin solid dosage form used in the pharmaceutical and dietary supplement industries. Commonly referred to as Gelcaps, the softgel capsule is a hermetically sealed pharmaceutically elegant dosage form ideal for fat soluble solid dosage drug delivery. Although the majority of mass produced softgel capsules available in the market utilize animal sourced gelatin, vegetable sourced softgels have been formulated and manufactured.
Tablet
Capsule
Dietary supplement
Pharmaceutical
 06:52, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
An International Religious Organization dedicated to the promotion of peace, love and understanding amongst all people. Committed to the preservation of the Sunna (prophetic traditions) of the final Messenger - Muhammad (peace be upon him)and the promotion of the pure teachings of Islam based on The Holy Qur'an and Sunna as taught by the enlightened scholars and saints belonging to the creed of The Ahl Sunna wal Jamaah throughout the ages. W.I.M. is a platform linking Ahl Sunna communities worldwide.
 07:09, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
The Senlis Council is an international security and development policy think tank, established by The Network of European Foundations. This organization has just published a report critical of the Canadian operations in Afganistan, leading to media focus ... but in spite of its international status and links to the UN, there is no information about this organization in Wikipedia.
Quote from CBC: "The Senlis Council, which has offices in London, Kabul, Brussels and Paris, is a development think-tank that focuses on global drug policy. It is funded through the non-profit Network of European Foundations for Innovative Co-operation."
I note that this organization has 40 employees in Afganistan, alone.
http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20060627/afghanistan_report_060628/20060628?hub=TopStories <br>
http://www.cbc.ca/story/world/national/2006/06/28/afghanistan-canada.html <br>
http://www.senliscouncil.net/modules/publications/013_publication
 07:22, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Mike scored the deciding goal in Game 5 of the first round of the 1981 NHL playoffs giving the St. Louis Blues the series clinching win in Double Overtime over the Pittsburgh Penguins. Crombeen had not played for most of the game due to illness. But seeking fresh legs, Blues coach Jacque Demers, inserted Crombeen into the lineup at the beginning of the 2nd OT period at the Checkerdome in St. Louis. Crombeen deposited a centering pass from behind the Penguins net and as Dan Kelly called it on KMOX, "The Checkerdome has exploded!!!"
KMOX radio archives
NHL encyclopedia
1st Hand eye-witness account
Its really quite fascinating. Use modens ponens, some chivalry, some ribaldry, some bellyhoo, some tallywallies, and then you get your deduction. Besides, there is no such word as syncatagorical. this is purely ad hoc. Ergo, hoc propter hoc,
Tsuchiya Yuichi or better known as TUTI was born on the 6th February 1979 in the Yamanashi prefecture, Japan. His bloodtype is O and he is 180cm tall. He loves playing tennis, table tennis and billiards.
He is part of a stage performing group consisting of members who act, sing and dance called *pnish*. Other memebers of *pnish* are Moriyama Eiji, Sano Daiko and Washo Noboru. While his singing skills are just average, his breakdancing skills are remarkable as seen in many stage performances he has done.
Among the roles he had played are Oishi Syuichiro in Tennis no Oujisama the Musical(TeniMyu). This role is an irony. Tuti, like his character, used to play tennis for the Kantou Region when he was in middle school. However he played singles as opposed to Oishi's doubles role. Besides his role in TeniMyu, he also played Ichimaru Gin in the Bleach Rock musical. 
www.jyuuden-kanryou.net/tuti (approved fanlisting: english)
INTRODUCTION
Chelsea Barracks is a British Army barracks located approximately three-quarters of a mile from Buckingham Palace in central London. It is in Chelsea Bridge Road, Chelsea, SW1H 8RF, at the end of Lower Sloane Street.
HISTORY
http://www.images-of-london.co.uk/jss/product.php?xProd=2578 (photo of the barracks in 1907)
The three incremental companies of the Foot Guards (Nijmegen Company, Grenadier Guards; No 7 Company, Coldstream Guards; F Company, Scots Guards; all on permanent public duties in London) are based there.
SALE OF THE BARRACKS
The Secretary State of Defence, John Reid, announced on 6 September that Woolwich Station will be kept as infantry barracks whilst Chelsea Barracks will be sold. Woolwich Station will be refurbished to accommodate approximately 1,000 infantry soldiers based in London and their families. Chelsea Barracks, originally built for two battalions, needs extensive renovations and currently houses only 300 personnel. The site is to be vacated by 2008.
Under the MODs FOI request number 29-09-2005-104742-001 was submitted on 13/10/2005. Details are "Request for details of the funds raised by selling Chelsea Barracks"
http://www.mod.uk/linked_files/publications/foi/rr/reqsep05_05.pdf
MoD hopes to make £200m from Chelsea Barracks sale. By Neil Tweedie.(Filed: 07/09/2005). www.telegraph.co.uk
The Ministry of Defence is expected to make £200 million from the sale of a barracks in one of London's most expensive residential areas.
Almost 14 acres of "super-prime" land in the heart of fashionable Chelsea will be offered to developers from 2008, providing a windfall for the department. Town houses built on the site will command prices of £1 million and above, with one-bedroom flats fetching at least £300,000.
The decision, announced yesterday by the Defence Secretary, John Reid, was long expected. Chelsea Barracks are in poor condition, the ugly tower blocks built in the early 1960s no longer in use. The MoD said yesterday that the site was no longer required, even taking into account the heightened terrorist threat. The cost of renewing the buildings would be prohibitive.
Instead, the 250 or so troops who use Chelsea will be transferred to Woolwich Barracks in south-east London, which will become home to most of the infantry units stationed in London for public and other duties. Some £50 million is to be spent refurbishing Woolwich, home of the Royal Artillery since the 18th Century.
Selling off Chelsea. (Filed: 07/09/2005). www.telegraph.co.uk
The Government's decision to sell Chelsea barracks makes sound commercial sense. Property developers are thought likely to pay at least £150 million for the 14.4 acre site, probably more. Another happy consequence of the sale is that it will mean keeping open Woolwich barracks in the east of London, home for more than three centuries to the Royal Artillery. Georgian Woolwich is far more handsome than 1960s Chelsea, and will offer better facilities to the soldiers who will live and train there.
Nor does the sale pose any risk to the capital's security. If it should ever become necessary to muster large numbers of troops in central London, this can still be done on the huge parade ground at Wellington barracks in Westminster, or at the Army's other bases in Knightsbridge, Regent's Park and the City.
We have only one regret about Chelsea's closure: nowhere in central London has the Army's presence been more visible than here. How sad that there will be nothing left, when the Army trucks and Land Rovers lined up on the parade ground have gone, to remind Chelsea shoppers of the military might on which their liberties have always depended.
http://www.property-week.co.uk/magazine/html/09_September_2005.html (Needs password).
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/london/4218386.stm (Chelsea Barracks to be sold off).
PARLIMANTARY DEBATE
http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/cm200304/cmhansrd/vo040316/text/40316w13.htm Departmental Buildings
Mr. Laws: To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will list the (a) land and (b) buildings in central London owned by (i) his Department, (ii) its agencies and (iii) the UK armed forces, giving the value in each case. [156709]
Mr. Caplin: The National Asset Register, (NAR), published by HM Treasury, provides a comprehensive list and valuation of all of the assets owned by every Government department and their sponsored bodies. A copy of the 2001 NAR has been placed in the Library of the House and can be accessed on the HM Treasury website at http://www.hm-treasury.gov.uk/. It should be noted that these are asset valuations and do not represent the disposal value of these assets.
In central London the MoD, (including Agencies and Service personnel), holds a number of major properties. Those which have a realisable value to the Department have been valued and included in the NAR.
Such properties are listed in the table with the NAR values shown comprising the sum of the land value and the value of the various buildings. Service Families Accommodation and properties used solely by Visiting Forces and Reserve Forces have been excluded.
Property Location Use NAR Value (£) Chelsea Barracks Chelsea Barracks 58,530,000 DCSA St Vincent Whitehall Communications 14,918,000 Great Scotland Yard Whitehall Offices 2,557,000 Horse Guards Whitehall Barracks 6,130,000 Hyde Park Barracks Knightsbridge Barracks 72,170,000 Main Building Whitehall Offices 65,909,000 Northumberland House Whitehall Offices 11,736,000 Old War Office Whitehall Offices 63,370,000 RCDS Seaford House Westminster College 1,667,000 Regents Park Barracks Regents Park Barracks 29,190,000 Wellington Barracks Petty France Barracks 106,210,000
Following the Chief Secretary's letter of 10 September, there is an automatic presumption against locating new and reconstituted activity in London and the South-East and a moratorium against all Government Departments renewing, creating new leases or purchasing freehold property for office-based activities over 2000 sq. m. The Lyons Review reported to the Chancellor of the Exchequer on 15 March.
Latest News. Army to remain at Woolwich, Chelsea Barracks to close. Published Tuesday 6th September 2005 http://news.mod.uk/news/press/news_headline_story.asp?newsItem_id=3519
Historic Woolwich Station is to be retained and extensively refurbished to house infantry soldiers based in London, the Secretary of State for Defence, John Reid, announced on 6 September 2005.
The Station was due to close following the departure of 16 Regiment Royal Artillery in 2007. But following a two-year study into its London estate, the Ministry of Defence has decided to refurbish the Station to become the long-term home of some 1,000 Army personnel (and their families) posted to London, predominately for ceremonial duties. As part of the decision, Chelsea Barracks will be disposed of.
John Reid said:
"Soldiers on public and ceremonial duties in London are one of the most striking emblems of our great capital city. Historic Woolwich Station will be a fitting home for these soldiers.
"The investment in Woolwich Station will provide new training, sports, recreation and accommodation facilities.
"None of these improvements is possible at Chelsea Barracks without knocking down the whole site and rebuilding it. Retaining Woolwich offers both good value for money and first-class facilities. The decision is a win-win for soldiers."
Major-General Sebastian Roberts, General Officer Commanding for the London District, said:
"The decision to retain Woolwich Station means that the Army's 400 year old links with the area can continue as strong as ever. Soldiers will welcome the move to Woolwich, as it means a better quality of life for them and their families in a striking, historic location."
Woolwich Station was built between 1776 and 1802 to be the home of the Royal Artillery (RA). The area has a long military association, with references to the ordnance at Woolwich dating from the 15th century. The MOD announced in 2004 that the last remaining RA regiment stationed at Woolwich, 16 Regiment, will relocate to Thorney Island near Chichester. The home of the Royal Artillery will be Larkhill, on Salisbury Plain, which is to be a RA centre of excellence. Close links between the Royal Artillery and Woolwich will be maintained by the independent "Firepower" museum which is at Woolwich Arsenal.
On current plans, Woolwich Station will house two of the three infantry battalions stationed in London at any one time, along with their support elements. Infantry battalions are predominantly posted to London for Public Duties and State Ceremonial duties, although they remain deployable for operations both at home and overseas.
Until now, many ceremonial duties personnel have been accommodated at Chelsea Barracks, which is in need of extensive renewal. The barracks were built in 1962 on the site of earlier buildings constructed in the 1860s. The barracks were originally built for two battalions, but now only house 300 personnel. Chelsea Barracks will be disposed of after the site has been vacated in 2008. Cavalry Barracks in Hounslow, which can accommodate approximately 600 personnel, may also be disposed of if another Defence use cannot be found for the site.
Historic London barracks to close. Tuesday September 6, 2005 http://www.guardian.co.uk/military/story/0,11816,1563968,00.html
The historic Chelsea Barracks in central London is to be shut down and sold off for redevelopment, the defence secretary, John Reid, announced today. The closure will end military links with the site dating back to 1860, releasing a 14.4-acre area of land for residential and retail development in the exclusive area between Sloane Square and the Thames.
It is believed developers could be ready to pay the Ministry of Defence as much as £250m for the site.
Mr Reid also announced that there had been a reprieve for the grander and much larger Woolwich Station in south-east London. Woolwich Station was built between 1776 and 1802 as the home of the Royal Artillery, and had been earmarked for closure when the last RA regiment leaves in 2007.
However, Mr Reid said that, after a two-year study, the MoD had decided to refurbish it instead.
The barracks - which has the largest parade square of any in the UK barracks - will become a long-term home for around 1,000 personnel and their families posted in London, largely for ceremonial duties.
Until now, ceremonial duties personnel have been accommodated at Chelsea, which is around three-quarters of a mile from Buckingham Palace. Woolwich Station is 11 miles from the palace.
Operationally, Chelsea Barracks provided the army with a valuable assembly point in the heart of London. However, the facilities - built in 1962 on the site of buildings constructed for two battalions in 1860 - have become outmoded, and currently house only 300 people.
The government rejected a private finance initiative deal to keep it open, saying it would not be value for money.
Mr Reid said the "dilapidated" barracks was blighted by "very poor accommodation indeed", and would be sold after being vacated in 2008. He said any developers would have to approach the government with a very good price for the land.
Cavalry barracks in Hounslow, west London, currently accommodating 600 servicemen and women, could also be disposed of if another defence use cannot be found for the site.
"I'm absolutely certain that the security of the capital will not only be maintained but enhanced," Mr Reid said.
"Soldiers on public and ceremonial duties in London are one of the most striking emblems of our great capital city. Historic Woolwich Station will be a fitting home for these soldiers.
"The investment in Woolwich Station will provide new training, sports, recreation and accommodation facilities.
"None of these improvements is possible at Chelsea Barracks without knocking down the whole site and rebuilding it. Retaining Woolwich offers both good value for money and first-class facilities. The decision is a win-win for soldiers."
Major-General Sebastian Roberts, the general officer commanding for London district, said: "The decision to retain Woolwich Station means that the army's 400-year-old links with the area can continue as strong as ever."
Woolwich has a long historical association with the military, with references to the ordnance there dating back to the 15th century.
In 2004, the MoD announced that the last remaining RA regiment at Woolwich station - 16 Regiment - would relocate to Thorney Island, West Sussex, while the home of the RA would move to Larkhill, in Wiltshire.
Woolwich Station covers 320 acres, 160 of which is an MoD-owned section of Woolwich Common.
Nick Raynsford, the local Labour MP for Greenwich and Woolwich, said he was "delighted" that Woolwich would not close.
He said: "This has been associated with the British army for 400 years. It would have been devastating, after all this uncertainty, for it to have gone."
 08:34, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
I have created an article at Chelsea Barracks, based on what you wrote. However please note that a lot of the material you added above is copyright. I also note that this article has been created and deleted before, with content almost exactly the same was you write here. Do not add copyright material to Wikipedia. If you do so the article will have to be deleted again. 17:35, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
William Joseph Franks was born in Pittsboro, North Carolina in 1830. He enlisted in the United States Navy on 16 September 1863. 
Franks distinguished himself in action at Yazoo City on 6 March 1864 when he and his shipmates from the Marmora landed a 12-pound howitzer to defend the city, which was threatened by strong Confederate forces. He and his group were in the thickest of the fighting, but it was never enough to drive them from their cannon. The actions of Franks and his men came to play the most important role in maintaining the Union position. Franks was awarded the Medal of Honor and promoted to Acting Master’s Mate in recognition of his gallantry. 
A DD-554 Fletcher-class Destroyer was named in his honor (USS Franks) and launched on 7 December 1942. 
Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships
USMT, Windows User State Migration Tool.
http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=EB4E271C-3613-4AAC-A305-5ED88F5D4CAA&displaylang=en
Paloncha is one of the known town in the khammam district. Generally called "Vidyut Hub of Andhra Pradesh" is located at 270 km from the state Capital of Andhra Pradesh. The famous power plant "Kothagudem Thermal Power Station [KTPS]" actually located in paloncha. 
 09:12, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
LRRP ARE THE ELITE DEEP PENETRATION UNITS OF THE SRI LANKAN SPECIAL FORCES.
THEY WERE TRAINED IN THE LATE 1990'S AND HAVE SINCE EVOLVED IN TO A DREADED INFANTRY UNIT OF THE SRI LANKAN ARMED FORCES.
THEY SPECIALISE IN DRRP PENETRATION OPORATIONS BEHIND ENEMY LINES AND HAVE IN RECENT MONTHS CAUSED SEVERE DAMAGE TO THE LTTE WHICH IT FIGHTS IN THE NORTH AND EASTERN SRI LANKA.
KNOWN TO OPORATE DEEP BEHIND ENEMY LINES THEY ARE PRIMARILY USED FOR SABOURTAGE AND AMBUSH OPORATIONS OF THE ENEMY.
THEY ARE THE BEST TRAINED AND THE MOST COUNSELLED UNIT OF THE SRI LANKAN ARMED FORCES.
THEY ARE MOULDED AFTER THE ELITE NAVY SEALS OF THE UNITED STATES ,BUT ARE TRINED AND MOULDED IN A MANNER THAT WOULD MEET THE DEMANDS AND NEEDS OF THE COMPLEXITIES OF THE GURILLA WARFARE AS NEEDED IN THE SRI LANKAN CONFLICT.
The Eta Gamma Chapter began as Chi Alpha Pi. They were known as the Red Cap Society because they wore Red Cap Ale patches on their blue shirts. The CAP's were founded June 16, 1966 at Elams Mill by: Bill Landers, Gene Neely, Bill Baskin, Paul Landers, and Jerry Hawk. By their second year at MTSU the CAP's had grown by more than thirty members strong. Their affilation with Sigma Chi began in the fall of 1967, they petitioned for a charter in the fall of 1969, and the first I-week began on March 30th, 1970 and ended on April 5th, 1970.
On January 7th, 2000, the first Greek Row opened on the campus of Middle Tennessee State University and welcomed the brothers of the Eta Gamma chapter into their new two-story home.
 09:15, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Electrochemiluminescence is a detection methods that works on the emission of light based on an electrical stimulus rather than light or phosphorylation.
www.meso-scale.com
Anthony McGlaughlin
 09:59, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Done-- 13:55, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
 10:30, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Ubiq'window is a breakthrough innovation which brings interactivity capabilities to any type of flat surface: shop window, door, wall, shopping aisle, etc...
Ubiq'window is opening a new era in 'click-and-mortar' solution, the association of e-commerce technologies to regular 'brick and mortar' shops.
You don't need more than your finger or hand to interact with the surface. No equipment nor training is necessary to use Ubiq'window. Natural gestures like grabbing an object or opening a curtain are possible. No contact is necessary to interact with the surface which allow smooth motions.
Ubiq'window provides interactivity to real objects behind the window. Just finger point this nice gown and you will receive information about available sizes, colors and you will also received suggestions of assorted shoes and jewellery - whatever the time in the day.
Ubiq'window is installed in a few minutes and all types of PC-based applications can be used with Ubiq'window: web sites, product 3D demonstrations, multimedia content, games, etc...
Ubiq'window's magic secret is the association of optical sensors to a patented mathematical model using latest imaging recognition technology outbreaks. Ubiq'window has virtually no limitation in interactive size.
Ubiq'window comes in 4 typical sizes: 200 cm (for 80-inch screen), 150 cm (for 60- and 40-inch screen), 120 cm and 80 cm (for shelves).
Ubiq'window is a breathtaking hardware and software technology which brings interactivity to any show window, wall, piece of glass. 
http://www.ubiqwindow.jp/english.htm
www.premierview.ie
Brian Corrigan.×
Insert non-formatted text here
www.premierview.ie is a Tipperary GAA Supporters website that was set up in the year 2000. It was set up by Tipperary Supporter Brian Corrigan. The website intially was more of a tribute based site. In 2001 Martin Ryan became involved with premierview, soon after lots of new sections were added including an extensive roll of honour and Tipperary Hurling stats pages. A discussion board was added to the site in Dec 2001, The discussion board was an instant success and it now has just under three thousand members registered. www.premierview.ie
is regarded as one of the top GAA websites in Ireland and it is a valuable source of information and discussion for Tipperary GAA supporters.
www.premierview.ie
Brian Corrigan
 12:22, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
http:://www.melissalines.com
VOP stands for video object plane in MPEG4 video
ISO/IEC 14496-2
Removed Copyrighted Content
BBC Weather forecaster Sarah Wilmshurst was born in Newcastle-upon-Tyne. She became interested in meteorology at Cheadle Hulme school where there was a Stephenson's Screen for taking weather readings, and the opportunity to study GCSE Meteorology. From then on, she decided she wanted to present the weather on television.
http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/bbcweather/forecasters/sarahwilmshurst_faq.shtml
Introduction
The term Profession Agrologist refers to members of the self regulated Agrology profession in Canada. A Professional Agrologist (P.Ag.) is an individual dedicated to contributing to the prosperity of Canada’s agri-food industry by providing unbiased and professional expertise. Profession Agrologists are guided by a strict code of ethics to ensure that Canada’s agri-food and health products are of the utmost quality. P.Ags come from many diverse fields such as soil science, genetic research, animal science and agriculture business. The P.Ag. protects the interest of the public by licensing and safeguarding the competence of Agrologists. Professional Agrologists are committed to growing the industry and the business. Their purpose is also to enhance the quality of professional development for colleagues within the industry. Agrology is a self regulated profession and each province has a Provincial Agrologist Act which defines the scope of the professional and the practice of agrology. The act also defines the qualifications required for the right to practice.
Becoming a Professional Agrologist
Internationally Educated Agrologists
http://www.oia.on.ca/Uploads/Resources/Files/492_IEPA%20News%20Release%20for%20APPROVAL%20May19.pdf
http://www.aic.ca/
 14:13, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Morrissey - Mullen, aka M&M, Britain’s most outstanding jazz-funk/fusion group of the Seventies and Eighties, was formed by Dick Morrissey (tenor and soprano saxes and flute) and Jim Mullen (guitar), who joined forces in 1976 and played together for some 16 years with various regular line-ups featuring British jazz musicians such as Martin Drew on drums, and John Critchinson or John Burch on piano (with whom Dick Morrissey formed an octet in 1984), although none of the three appear on any of the albums.
They also used the band as a springboard for a new generation of young British musicians, including Chris Fletcher on percussion, Gary Husband on drums and Carol Kenyon as vocalist among others, until Dick Morrissey’s ill health required too many visits to hospital. When M&M finally dissolved in 1986, Jim Mullen and Dick Morrissey continued meeting up for what would in effect be jam sessions with what they called, in their characteristically easy-going style, “Our Band”, usually featuring the same musicians that had accompanied them in M&M.
The band actually came into being in New York where Dick Morrissey and Jim Mullen were recording and touring with their mutual friends in the Average White Band.
Coinciding with the recording and release of the first of seven Morrissey-Mullen albums (plus two EPs), "UP" (Atlantic, 1976), which featured the guys from AWB, plus Luther Vandross and Cissy Houston on vocals, together with some of the New York scene’s top session musicians, the Morrissey-Mullen Band spent eight months in New York, including a six-week residency at New York’s famed Mikell’s, which attracted the attention of many of the top musicians of the day, with Boz Scaggs, Dave Sanborn, Steve Gadd, Richard Tee, Michael & Randy Brecker and many others dropping by for a jam.
On their return to the UK, and shunning the gruelling road, Morrissey-Mullen concentrated on the small-club circuit. In 1980, EMI persuaded them to enter the Abbey Road recording studios to make the first-ever digital recording of a non-classical music piece, a cover of the Rose Royce hit "Love doesn’t live here anymore". Their 1981 album Badness reached number one in the UK disco charts.
Discography
UP - Morrissey-Mullen (1976) 
Cape Wrath - Morrissey-Mullen (1979) 
Love Doesn’t Live Here Anymore - Morrissey-Mullen (1980?) (EP)
Badness – Morrissey-Mullen (1981)
Life on the Wire – Morrissey-Mullen (1982)
It’s About Time - Morrissey-Mullen (1983)
After Dark - Dick Morrissey (solo, but featuring Jim Mullen) (1983) 
This Must Be the Place - Morrissey-Mullen (1985) 
Happy Hour – Morrissey-Mullen (1988)
The Independent Obituaries Thursday 9th November 2000
Young Irelands is a GAA club in the parish of Gowran, county Kilkenny, Ireland.
The club is more known for it's Hurling than it's Gaelic Football exploits and won the Kilkenny Senior County Hurling Championship in 1996 and 2002. Other notable honours include the winning of the Kilkenny Senior County Hurling League in 1997 and 1999.
It's biggest football honour to date was winning the Intermediate Kilkenny County Championship in 1999.
The club also fields teams in the Women's version of Hurling known as Camogie, in which it enjoyed success at Junior Kilkenny County Championship level in 1995.
It lists amongst its stars former Kilkenny Senior County Panellists Charlie Carter, Martin Carey and Pat O'Neill. It's most reknowned player, though, is DJ Carey.
http://kilkenny.gaa.ie/gowran.htm
http://kilkenny.gaa.ie/notice/oldnotice03.htm
Alan Reilly
Def: To "Bango" : verb
Def: "Bingo Bango" : noun
 14:28, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Piltown GAA Club, or Cumann Lúthchleas Gael Baile an Phoill, as it is known in Gaelic, is a GAA club based in the Parish of Piltown/Templeorum, in southern County Kilkenny.
Piltown GAA was formed in 1887, and remains one of the oldest and best established GAA clubs in Kilkenny. The present club was reformed in 1952 and the new development, a state of the art sports complex, was opened in 1987 on the club's centenary.
Amongst its major honours are runners-up titles in the Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship in 1904 and 1910, both times beaten by Tullaroan. It has also won the Kilkenny Junior Hurling Championship on three ocassions, 1981, 1996 and most recently again in 2002.
The year 2002 was probably the most famous in Piltown's long history as they went on to win the Leinster Junior Hurling Championship, beating St. Vincent's of Dublin in the final.
Amongst the players to have hurled for Piltown the most famous are former Kilkenny Senior Hurling All Ireland winners, John T Power and Liam McCarthy, who bears the same name as the trophy received by the All Ireland winning team. Liam McCarthy's son Andrew, is Piltown's most recent prominent name, winning All Ireland Minor (Under 18) honours with Kilkenny.
http://tour.kilkennycoco.ie/piltown_gaa.htm
Alan Reilly
 14:54, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Band Members:
Leah Duors - Vox
Hayley Cramer - Drums
Cat de Casanove - Guitars
Sophie Taylor - Bass
Since forming in November 2003 Brighton based McQueen have been busy playing alongside everyone from Juliette and the Licks , Viking Skull and The Foo Fighters through to acts as diverse as the Towers of London , Mad Capsule Markets and the Kaiser Chiefs. They have already released two critically acclaimed singles and were the most played unsigned British artist on American radio in 2005.
This year has seen the band sign to independent rock label Demolition Records and the debut album "Break the Silence" is currently set for an end of August release.
http://www.mcqueenmusic.com
http://www.myspace.com/mcqueen 
The rank of Platoon Sergeant in the US Army is for E-7's holding a command position, Sergeant First Class is for E-7's in administration positions. There is nothing in the rank insignia that will indicate the the difference and no difference in pay. However(in the Army only) a platoon sergeant(PSG)outranks a sergeant first class(SFC).
 15:08, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Alert- contains spoilers.
Iris in Battle Network 6 is a girl who appears first in the tutorial battle.She is very kind and very pretty. Later on she helps Lan on the defeat of the new WWW elements by warning him of certain aspects. In the final it's observed that she could control robots to an extent and she offers herself to proctect Lan and it's friends from harm. Lan then discovers that she is an Navi, whos is using a CopyBot to appear in the real World and is the kind part of Colonel. So in a certian aspect she is the sister of Colonel.
Megaman Battle Network 6 - CyberBeast Gregar/Falzar
to allot; distribute; apportion; [archaic] to measure; also mete has a second meaning as in a boundary; limit; a boundary mark or line
source can be found in Webster's New World College Dictionary, 3rd edition, 1997
Drummer with the band [Zillionaire]
 15:56, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
 text from the source below removed × 06:58, 1 July 2006 (UTC)
Wine Enthusiast Magazine, January 2006
Gabrielle Beaumont is a director, born in London in 1942.
 16:25, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Bryan See
 16:55, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Brett Schomer was born in a small town in eastern germany. At a young age brett had a talent for drums and would later form the band 69 Hearts to Fall. Brett lived in East Germany untill his father sold his brat empire to Johnsonville brats based in wisconson. Bretts family later relocated to America in Buffalo Grove IL. At the age of 5 brett joined in the war effort against the Viet Cong. He passed green beret training after just 61/2 weeks. Later Brett would lead such attacks as the Ho Chi Mign Raid and The Gulf of Token Conspiracy. When Brett returned from Vietnam he turned to Death metal to cull his anger. Brett would later get his first dumn set and form the band 69 Hearts to Fall. After an extensive U.S. tour brett returned to Stevenson High School to continue his education. Brett Later became best friends with future president Tim Lockner & Mike Matta. After 5 years of happy jubilation at school Brett went into a shame spiral. After nearly escaping a bear attack Brett moved to the South African Coast and took up piracy. He bought a house boat and made it look like a Hot Dog tand then would later rob people. Brett's whereabout have not been known since 2003. He is presumed dead but is still on the FBI's top 10 most wanted list. What is in store for Brett In the future? Only time can tell.
"The Masked Man" is a recurring character in "Celebrity Deathmatch: Season 5." To this day, much is uncertain about who he is, what he does, and why he keeps mysteriously appearing in various matches. Much speculation has been made about this unknown character. However, many people believe that this "Masked Man" is actually Michael Jackson. To this point, no one knows for sure. In future episodes, the character's may make more appearances, and finally have his identity released.
Celebrity Deathmatch
~Valerie~
Weird N' Wild Creatures is an animal card learning program developed by the International Masters Publishing company. Specially picked people recieve gift package worth $40.00 dollars for free, and then each month, a new package of 10 animal cards is sent, which costs you $6.95. As of today, the company has made 85 packs of cards. Many people now sign up on the company's website, www.weirdnwildcreatures.com. 
http://www.weirdnwildcreatures.com
kayavandana is paying homage to buddha physically.
http://web.ukonline.co.uk/buddhism/
Tully Madison is the star of the hit independent film "Out of the Pot and Into the Frying Pan"
 17:47, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Neomis Animation was founded in January 2004 right after the closing of the Disney Feature Animation Studio in Paris , by 22 of the former Disney artists.
They’re a spin-off of the Disney Paris group that worked on Tarzan and Lilo & Stitch.
www.neomisanimation.com/
http://www.animationmagazine.net/article.php?article_id=5037
</div>
 18:15, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Archdiocese of thrissur is governed by major Arch Bishop Mar Jacob Thoonkuzhy and assisted by Mar Antony Tazhattu (assistant archbishop)
Group of year 11 boys from William Farr School in Welton, founded in 2005 the yr 11's, head of yr 11 (Mrs Muldown) branded the group of pupils in yr 11 'the mafia' after having a go at ben crow (one of the many yr 11 mafia) for misbehaving and branding him the head of the yr 11 mafia after tht date the group of "thugs" of the yr 11 where now named the yr 11 mafia ... the mafia was feared by many in the school and many grew respect for the yr 11 mafia and they had many fans but also with a mafia comes there rivals the other side of yr 11s and the yr 10's who seemed to have a jealousy grudge agaisnt the yr 11 mafia, but the yr 11 mafia will always be remmeberd by those who witnessed them for there stupidty and there misbehaviour around the school... the yr 11 mafia also had a few yr 12 mates who would hang around with them and know and then cause mischeif with them those yr 12s go by the name of matt and dave!
By the end of there school life the school william farr had gotten fed up of the group of lads named the yr 11 mafia and ended up banning most of them off the premises now the yr 11 mafia has disbanned but will always be in the hearts of the group members of the yr 11 mafia and the hearts of there freinds that remain at the school and am sure the yr 11 mafia will one day make a return to the school, the yr 11 mafia doesnt want to be remember just for there mischeif and badbehaviour they want to be rememberd for there time spent too make other pupils at the school laugh and enjoy themselves.
People in the Year 11 Mafia, are as follows:
The Year 11 Mafia - by Ben Crow
 Saved Eathiopian kids from death
 www.xanga.com/aborterkristus
Zeta Sigma Phi was founded on March 4, 1988 at New York University,in Weinstein Residence Hall, Room 402. The 29 founding sisters had a vision of a sisterhood that exemplified their collective goals and values -- strong friendships and social relationships, dedication and enthusiasm, a spirit of individuality, academic excellence, and service to the community. With the assistance of the NYU chapter of Zeta Psi fraternity, the founding sisters of the sorority formed the group, originally known as the Zeta Psi Sisterhood. Soon after, the sisterhood was officially integrated into the NYU Greek system as Zeta Sigma Phi. 
Since 1988, we have preserved the aforementioned goals and values and have developed a community marked by diversity, individual and collective strength, loyalty, and true friendship among our members. We are primarily a social & charity oriented sorority and strive to maintain a balance between social events, community service, and our academic responsibilities at NYU. 
Since 1989, Zeta Sigma Phi has been fortunate enough to be granted a house in NYU's campus housing. The house serves as the home of many of the sisters, as well as a home-away-from-home for commuter sisters and those who live in other residence halls. From 1989 to 2001, the Zeta Sigma Phi house was located on the 13th floor of NYU's Third Avenue North residence hall. From 2001 to 2004, our house was located on the 6th floor of Palladium. We currently are located in Lafayette Residence Hall. 
Zeta Sigma Phi's open motto, "Ut incepit fidelis, sic permanet," reflects our sisters' unwavering commitment to furthering the unity of the sorority and preserving the goals of the founding sisters. The motto, in translation, means "As loyal as she began, so she remains." 
Symbols
Flower: Red Hibiscus 
Colors: Red, Gray, & White 
Mascot: Jessica Rabbit
http://www.nyu.edu/clubs/zetasigma/tmpframes.html?history, and members of Zeta Sigma Phi
If you can read text written in Swedish,
the web-site of the 
Piteå School of Music
is recommended reading.
Erber was born 1897 in Ottendorf (tschech. Otice). After the attendance of the elementary school he worked in a spinning mill. 1915 it became k.u.k. Infantry regiment Nr.18 drawn in and was used as soldier in Russia and Italy. After end of war he worked again as a spinning mill worker. Also in the Czech army it carried military service out and worked afterwards until 1940 in the spinning mill. 1936 occurred Erber the Sudeten German a party. 1939 it became member of the NSDAP and the SS. In October 1940 it received its summoning to a SS Totenkopfeinheit. At the beginning of November 1940 came Erber to Auschwitz and remained there up to evacuation of the camp in January 1945. Erber belonged first to the security guard of the camp and came then to the Waffenmeisterei. In the middle of 1942 was shifted Erber to the political department of (camp Gestapo)in Auschwitz I. Apart from different tasks in the camp he was director/conductor of the admission in the woman camp. Erber was frequently divided to the ramp service. It participated also in the segregation of the prisoners not-able to work.After the war ,he changed his name to Josef Hauser ,and worked 15 year long ,in a spinning mill before he was arrested, After statements Frankfurt courts of assizes was involved Erber in altogether fifty selections.
http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Josef_Erber
Monolith, California is roughly 4 miles east of Tehachapi, California. 
Monolith began in the early 1900s as a location secured by the Los Angeles Board of Public Works. The location was a good source of limestone and clay needed for high quality cement to bring water from the Owens Valley to Los Angeles, a project finished in 1914.
In 1920 the U.S. Potash Company, renamed Monolith Portland Cement company the next year, set up at the site and was a major player for the cement needs for Southern Califoria. During WWII, it's output was used to construct a naval base on Guam. 
The company town established in Monolith lasted to 1972 when the general store and houses were destroyed. 
http://www.johnfahey.com/pages/portland.html
http://www.earthscienceworld.org/images/search/results.html?Keyword=Portland%20Cement
http://www.trainweb.org/KernJunction/monolith.htm
Hitler's Willing Executioners is a contraversial book that challenges the previous view of Germans as Hitler's innocent people that were all but unaware of concentration camps and mass-homicide and instead puts the view across that the German people were indeed, also anti-Semitic and supported the Nazi party whole-heartedly in the culling of the Jews for several reasons including:
-Their uncanny success in business
-Past rivalries with Germans and Jews
-The killing of Jesus Christ by Jews (although this is a debatable subject)
 19:15, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
http://www.randomhouse.com/vintage/read/executioners/
http://www.spectacle.org/696/goldhag.html
Lance Fordham is a photographer in Winter Park/Orlando, Florida area. Lance Fordham has 10-years of photography "know how".
http://www.lforddesign.com
The Central Corridor Coordinating Committee is a workgroup in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area set up to explore transit options for the Central Corridor, the interurban corridor roughly following University Avenue in the Twin Cities area. After a long period of examination, this committee narrowed transit options for the corridor from a broad universe of choices to just three: a no-build option where services are only incrementally improved, a Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) option, wherein buses run on semi-dedicated transitway, and a Light Rail Transit (LRT) option using Light Rail Vehicles (LRVs). In May of 2006 the CCCC concluded its study by publishing a Draft Environmental Impact Study, which concluded that LRT was the best option for the corridor. After a period of public meetings and public comment, the CCCC recommended on June 6, 2006 that the Metropolitan Council select LRT as the locally-preferred alternative for the corridor and apply for Preliminary Engineering to begin. On June 28, 2006, the Metropolitan Council concurred with the CCCC's decision and officially selected LRT as the locally-preferred alternative.
Metropolitan Council manages all transit, waterway, and other public resources for the seven-county area surrounding the Twin Cities, and as such, the Central Corridor project will now transition to Metropolitan Council. The work of the Central Corridor Coordinating Committee is now complete.
 19:18, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Anton Septian lahir di Tasikmalaya, 1980. Menyelesaikan studi dari Fakultas Ekonomi Universitas Gadjah Mada Yogyakarta pada tahun 2006. Menulis cerpen, sajak dan artikel. Pada tahun 2004 pernah memenangkan sayembara cerpen mahasiswa se-Jawa dan Bali. Bukunya yang telah terbit: Pangeran Kegelapan dan Putri Mimpi (2006). Kini tinggal di Yogyakarta.
Wow betide is a variation of woe betide. First used by Saxons when telling stories of the dark clouds.
Legend has it that the dark clouds were a vehicle for the evil doomlords who sought to drown the Saxon children.
WWW.Saxonsonline.com
Kenzie is 18 years old and was 17 when she starting dating Chad. ALthough they didn't publicly announce they are an item until Kenzie was of age.Kenzie Dalton is an extra on One Tree Hill. And is engaged to Chad Michael Murray.
Wikiepedia
Imbd
Ankur Gupta, best described as one of the most open gay personalities in Canada.
 20:43, 29 June 2006 (UTC)
Michael Maurice Champion is a former President of King's College London Students' Union (2004-05) and former member of the Conservative Future National Management Executive. He was also a candidate in the 2005 election for National Union of Students of the United Kingdom National President.
Champion attended the prestigious Nottingham High School for Boys where he chaired the student Conservative group and won the mock election. He went on to King's College London to study War Studies before being elected Societies Officer in 2003. This paved the way for his bid for the Presidency in 2004 where he won against six other candidates.
Champion's Presidency was notable for being the one to initiate the KCLSU Governance Review and spawn a process that is being repeated in student unions across the UK. Controversially, though, it was also the year that the historic medical students' bar at St Thomas's Hospital was closed, due to declining trade. Champion, though a War Studies student, enjoyed a large following from the medical school and hence this move was unpopular, though it was made on Health and Safety grounds.
His Presidency was also the first time in recent years that the student newspaper, "Roar", was permitted a greater degree of editorial independence. Subsequently, articles that questioned his regular enjoyment of alcohol in the KCLSU bars were published, polarising student opinion about the appropriateness of his indulgence. His former Deputy President, Rajesh Joshi, often openly criticised Champion's actions outside the political arena, leading even to an outright war of words in the student paper.
However, Champion did institute the tradition of the Macadam Cup, named for Sir Ivison Macadam, a fellow former President of KCLSU. The day of sporting rivalry between the medical students and non-medical students is now accepted as a regular sporting fixture and is considered by many to be his most well-known achievement.
In the 2005 elections, Champion stood for re-election to the part-time role of Equal Opportunities Officer, which he lost. He also faced two motions of censure at KCLSU Executive Committee meetings, one at Student Representative Council (SRC) and was threatened with a motion of no confidence at the final SRC of the year, which was withdrawn before the vote. He was, however, awarded Honourary Life Membership of KCLSU, along with the majority of the other full-time officers that year. This is the highest award that KCLSU can present.
On the back of his election to KCLSU, he stood and won a seat on the National Management Executive of Conservative Future. Part of his manifesto included the belief that "there's nothing wrong with a bit of lefty-bashing". He a